In this video,
we're going to cover secure communication
in terms of making Okta updates.
Since the Angular app is running on a different protocol,
HTTPS localhost 4,200,
we need to update the Okta configs for the redirect URIs.
Here's our development process.
So in step one, we're going to update the redirect URI
in our Angular app,
and then update the redirect URI's in
the Okta dashboard,
and finally update the API trusted origins
in the Okta dashboard.
Step one of updating a redirect URI
in the Angular application.
So we have this file here,
my app config dot ts.
We need to make this one update entry here
for the redirect URI.
Previously, we used the regular HTTP,
now we need to update it to make use
of HP S colon slash slash local host 4,200,
because this is the callback that Okta's going to use
when they communicate back to our application.
Then in step two,
we're going to update the redirect URIs
in the Okta dashboard.
So we log into our Okta dashboard,
we go to our given application that we're using,
in this example just demo five,
move down to the section for login,
and we change the redirect URIs here.
So we changed the redirect URIs for the sign in,
and also for sign out.
And again,
make note of the HTTP S that we're using,
everything else there stays the same.
And then finally, in step three,
we need to update the API trusted origins
in the Okta dashboard.
It's under the API section under trusted origins,
then we move down here
where we perform an edit on the given origin
that we have set up here.
And then we change the origin URL
to be HTTPS colon local host 4,200.
And then once we have that in place,
then we can actually log in
and make use of all the Okta functionality,
because now Okta's aware of the appropriate redirects
and the callbacks to use
to communicate back to our application.